4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-scripting-dotnet-loading-dotnet-assemblies-directly-from-android-apks.md

---
type: entry
section: scripting
subsection: dotnet
rank: 2
importance: 4
anchor: loading-dotnet-assemblies-directly-from-android-apks
title: Loading .NET assemblies directly from Android APKs
text: |

>   [Assemblies](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/assembly/) are the building blocks of any C#/.NET application as they provide types and resources for different functionalities. Functionalities going from system <abbr title="input/output">I/O</abbr> utilites to your own game logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Assemblies](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/assembly/) are the building blocks of any C#/.NET application as they provide types and resources for different functionalities. Functionalities ranging from system <abbr title="input/output">I/O</abbr> utilites to your own game logic.
```

>   [Assemblies](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/assembly/) are the building blocks of any C#/.NET application as they provide types and resources for different functionalities. Functionalities going from system <abbr title="input/output">I/O</abbr> utilites to your own game logic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  [Assemblies](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/assembly/) are the building blocks of any C#/.NET application as they provide types and resources for different functionalities. Functionalities range from system <abbr title="input/output">I/O</abbr> utilities to your own game logic.
```

Author: I kept "ranging" from [this comment](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-website/pull/1138#discussion_r2344799116), but I fixed my "utilites" typo. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: It's not a valid sentence with "ranging" - it needs "range" as a verb (or another verb).
